Read Mandatory instructions to follow on every iteration:
    Read and analyze the issue-details.txt file to understand the issues.
    Review the images in the issues directory related to the issues.
    Provide code changes to fix the issues one by one.
    Iterate on the code changes until the total issues count reaches 0.
    After each iteration, re-read the issue-details.txt file for updates or feedback.
    Do not assume issues are fixed until the total issues count is 0.
    Clear the contents of actionplan.txt and update it with a new plan based on the current stage.
    Do not create test scripts; you will receive manual feedback.
    Avoid using the bg-gradient-to-br class in your code changes.
    you should not modify the issue-details.txt file directly.
    do not run localhost:3000 or backend server commands, i am running it and TESTING to give you feedback
    Clear your previous iteration count to start fresh if reading this file first time
    Iterate on the issue-details.txt file 62 times until you see no issues listed , otherwise fix issues accordingly.
    if issues not removed, improve them
    until i clear the issues here, consider they are not fixed
    do not restart node server and do not open website links , i am checking manually and also server is running in nodemon


 Do not stop for testing changes, i am testing as soon as you are 
 making code changes, and updating feedback in this file it self.
 iterate again on this file for issues and fix them
 
 once you fixed all issues listed below, run command 'echo "done fixing issues"' , after running it, read the issues.txt again and fix the issues
--------------------------------------------------------
**** Issue List ****

i removed all your changes, simpley create a script
which will append versioning to all js and css file in all html files
when i run that script, it should update all the file references in the HTML files to include the versioning.
and make sure it execute automatically when i do git add command
